Humans can be classified in three types based on what they eat.
1)Non vegeterin->Who eat meat and other animals along with plant based diet.
2)Vegeterian ->Who doesnt eat meat but they eat several types of food that comes from animal,like milk,honey and other dairy products along with the plant based food.
3)Vegan/Veganism->veganism is the practice of avoiding the use of animal products especially in diet.They only eat plant based food no meat,no eggs and no milk or other dairy products.
When we eat animals or other animal products we are taking help of the mediator to full fill over needs.And mediators are always expensive.Let me give you example ,When ever you want to buy any kind of property there are two options available.Either you buy directly or you buy through broker,and we all know which one is cheaper and which one is expensive.
Its very expensive not only in terms of money but also expensive in terms of some of the limited recources we have on the planet.

But wait,why i am talking about veganism in the middle of climate change.Does it contribute much to the climate change?
Does it really matters?Answer is yes.
According to the bbc news if the world become vegans by 2050, emission would be reduced by 60%.
Though much of the world is focused on transitioning away from fossil fuels as a way to fight climate change, there is another, often-overlooked climate change culprit: animal agriculture and its environmental impact. Animal agriculture is the second largest contributor to human-made greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions after fossil fuels and is a leading cause of deforestation, water and air pollution and biodiversity loss.
Around 45% of the Green House Gas come due Animal Agriculture. 

It has been estimated that a vegan over the course of the  year will save 1.5 million litres of water,6,607kg of grains,1022kg of forest cover 3,332kg of co2,365 animal lives compared to U.S.A diet.According to a 2016 study, if everyone in the U.S. switched to a vegan diet, the country would save $208.2 billion in direct health-care savings, $40.5 billion in indirect health-care savings, $40.5 billion in environmental savings, and $289.1 billion in total savings by 2050. The study also found that if everybody in the world switched to a vegan diet, the global economy would save $684.4 billion in direct health-care savings, $382.6 billion in indirect health-care savings, $569.5 billion in environmental savings, and $1.63 trillion in total savings by 2050.
One of these Cornell scientists has advised that the US could feed 800 million people with grain that livestock eat. 
